You're finally here.
Look what that woman did to me
Are you going to avenge me?
How dare you
How could you beat my brother like this?
Just a piece of trash
If you hit it, you will hit it.
Do you know who I am?
How dare you talk to me like that
Tell you my wife is from Red Star
You kneel down and beg for mercy now
I can spare your lives
Immediately kneel down and apologize to my brother
Then give out 20 million as compensation
I can also consider sparing your lives
I will make you regret what you did today.
When did the red star make you so disrespected
Garbage income that only bullies people
It seems that Red Star has really fallen
You woman
How dare you insult Red Star
I will make your life worse than death
Before joining Red Star
Didn't anyone teach you how to speak?
You
How dare you hit me?
I'm going to kill you!
Come on.
It is easy to hurt the body if you are so angry, so what?
I'll have some fun with you guys
Sister, help me!
Sister, wife, save me, what do you want to do?
Let them go
Otherwise, you won't be able to get out of this door today.